Diana:Thank you for contacting PlayStation, my name is Diana how may I assist you today?Remember: Please do not refresh your screen as it will disconnect the chat session. Thanks!Me:I got an email saying my sign in Id was changed. I didn’t request this and now I can not get into my accountMe:Even my password was changedDiana:Hi Angie! I understand you are having issues with the PSN account but we will do our best to assist you with this the easiest way possible today.We’ll work with the PSN ID entered in the pre-chat form. Let’s work on this and provide me:-Your First and Last name-Email address you were using to sign inMe:Angie Freeman Me:Iplay4tnite12345@gmail.comDiana:Thank you, may I know if you have access to the original email address that you used to create your account and let me know what the email is?Me:Ifre2501@gmail.comDiana:Thank you so much for the information. Do you have access to that email address provided above?Me:YesDiana:Thank you, please allow me a moment.Diana:Perfect, I will update your Sign in ID (email address) and send you two emails: one will be for the password reset (this will be the first email you will need to open) and the second one to verify your email.Please follow these instructions once you receive the emails: 1. Open the password reset email first and reset your PSN password.2. After you have changed your PSN password, open the verification email and click on the blue button that says &quot;Verify Now&quot;.Diana:Please check your spam or junk folders in case it's not listed in your inbox. The link will expire in 24 hours. On rare occasions, it can take up to 24 hours for the email to arrive. By the way, you'll receive another email with important information on how to safeguard your PSN account. We are sure it will help you a lot!After you have done these steps you will be able to sign back in to your PSN account. It's been my pleasure helping with your account recovery and I hope you continue enjoying our products and services. Today you contacted us regarding an account recovery request and I was able to assist you with the necessary steps for you to be able to access your PSN account again.Angie , is there anything else that I can help you with?Diana:Thank you for contacting PlayStation, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.